docs: improve (describe|test).only description (#1826)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/api/index.md

  })
  ```

>   Sometimes it is very usefull to run `only` tests, in a certain file ignoring all other tests from the whole test suite, which polute the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sometimes it is very useful to run `only` tests in a certain file, ignoring all other tests from the whole test suite, which pollute the output.
```

  })
  ```

>   Sometimes it is very usefull to run `only` tests, in a certain file ignoring all other tests from the whole test suite, which polute the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sometimes it is very useful to run `only` tests in a certain file, ignoring all other tests from the whole test suite, which pollute the output.
```
